Sid: This man travels supernaturally from
one place to the other.
I mean, it's not by plane or car, or even
bicycle, but through the invisible world.
Next on this edition of “It's Supernatural!”
[music]
Centuries have come and gone offering wisdom
and understanding throughout the ages.
Today there should be nothing beyond one's
power to discover.
And yet the strange, unusual and mysterious
world of the supernatural defies understanding.
Stay tuned for a unique and powerful investigation
into a curious undiscovered universe only
on “It's Supernatural!”
[music]
Sid: Hello. I'm Sid Roth your investigative
reporter. Angry!
And he had reason to be angry.
My guest, Mike Schwartz, was angry.
His father left before he was born.
I mean, you almost were raised “angry at
the world”.
Mike: I really can't remember a time when
I wasn't angry, and I didn't want to be.
You know, it was - I wouldn't say it was funny,
but I didn't want to be angry.
But it was there - maybe the rejection - and
I couldn't understand it.
It didn't seem like I was able to do good.
And when I was younger, you know, everybody
thought I was the kid that most was likely
to die a horrible death at 18.
Sid: Did people say that in your presence?
Mike: Yes.
Sid: Not that specifically, but just “You'll
never amount to anything.”
Mike: Yes. My family did that. It was curses.
Many times it was I - they had a cuss word
for me that I won't repeat.
But it was - that was what they called me,
and it was hard.
It takes its toll.
Sid: Did it bother that you didn't have a
father when you were growing up?
Mike: Now I'm realizing that it did.
Back then, you know, when you're going through
it you don't know that this is not normal,
because it's normal for you.
Yeah, it bothered me.
Sid: Did you get into crime? Drugs?
Mike: I was into everything.
I was continually in trouble.
I probably had 50 arrests; spent a couple
of years in jails.
I was into every kind of drug there is except
- I don't know why I never got into heroin,
because I thought it was a dead man's drug.
But everything else was, too.
Sid: Well you thought, “Right”.
Mike: Yeah.
I was into drugs you could do, and I was into
every sort of perversion with men and women.
It didn't matter.
Sid: I have noticed that a lot of people that
have bad fathers or no fathers, somehow
they fall into the trap of homosexuality;
there seems to be a pattern.
Mike: Yeah.
I don't know about that, but I know where
I was, and it just seems like that when things
open up, there's nothing holy about anything
anymore.
And I had - I had no hope.
But there was something inside me, since I
was kid, that I would lay at night and cry.
When I'd hear about this person named Jesus,
I would cry, and I didn't understand it.
I was raised Catholic, but nobody told me
about salvation, you know.
Nobody explained to me any of that stuff for
years.
And I'd lay at night and cry, you know.
I'd hear a whistle blow, and every night this
train would go by, and the whistle would blow,
and I'd cry and I'd say, “God, I want to
be good.
Why can't I be good?”
This is - was since I was eight, nine-years
old.
Sid: Why did you join the military service?
Mike: It was either join the military or go
to jail.
Sid: Really?
Mike: Yes, sir.
Back in the Vietnam days they needed all the
help they could get.
So I lived in Chicago, and I was just involved
in some more trouble.
And they gave us a choice back then to go
in the Army or go to jail.
And back then, John Wayne was popular, and
you didn't think bullets could kill you.
You know? it was like this glorious thing to
kill, and it’s was not that way.
Sid: Vietnam was not fun.
Mike: Vietnam was a horror, a horrible
nightmare.
There's nothing glorious about it.
Sid: You had some pretty close calls.
Mike: There is nothing glorious about killing
anybody.
That's the devil.
We got overrun on June 6, 1966, and I was
trying to find this other personnel carrier
that got blown up, and it was on fire.
So somebody had to go over there.
I'm not a hero, but sometimes you just do
heroic things.
And on the way there I ran into three North
Vietnamese.
I was crawling on my hands and knees with
a 45 in my belt, and I hit them with my head
on their knees.
And I looked up and I remember saying, “Oh
God, I'm dead.”
And when that happened, they looked down at
me, and they pointed their finger at me and
started laughing.
And I felt this strange presence.
They just walked off.
They shot the machine gun in the air and walked
off.
Sid: That doesn't make any sense to me, Mike.
How could that happen?
Mike: I don't know.
I mean, I know why it happened now; I didn't
know then.
Sid: What did you think when it happened,
“You're lucky?”
Mike: Yeah.
Yeah.
Really.
And then there was a voice said to me that
tormented me later.
This voice said to me, "You're not even good
enough to go to Hell”, and that hurt me
worse.
That really - it was like the rejection stronghold
that was in me, and the self-pity; it just
ate that up.
Sid: You think you're rejected.
You think the world has treated you badly.
Well you're looking at a man that never knew
anything but rejection.
And I'm going to tell you something.
It was supernatural: Three men ready to shoot
you and -
Mike: They were killing everybody.
There was already a hundred wounded and 20
dead on the ground, and we were overrun.
There was a hundred, 120 of us, and there
was, oh, 1,500, 2,000 of them.
And they ambushed us in the swamps, and they
killed; they were killing everybody.
Just about everybody was wounded or hurt,
and we're pinned down, and we couldn't get
any help.
And I was miraculously saved.
Sid: So you survive Vietnam.
Mike: Yes.
Sid: You come back.
And tell me about that day you went to the
gym.
Mike: Well years later, I went to the gym,
and this guy was messing with me.
He had this "I Love Jesus" t-shirt on, and
he kept bugging me and bugging me.
Sid: But you liked Jesus, so why would that
bother you?
Mike: Well because I was full of demonic stuff.
I wasn't - when you're not living for the
King, then you're going to, you know, you're
going to reject anybody that's acting like
they love Him.
And they were - this man was presenting something
to me that was real.
I mean, I was 33 or 34-years old and never
had been presented with the Gospel, in America.
Never been told about Jesus was Lord, and
He could take away your sins and remove them
- any of that; nothing.
Nobody has ever confronted me.
Sid: So he was confronting you.
Mike: He was confronting me, and I was running.
But there was something that kept bringing
us together.
And he was speaking things into my life.
Sid: But I'm talking about the time that you
hurt your back.
Mike: Well this was right after that.
Well this guy was a power lifter.
He was a Christian.
So I decided, “Well I'm going to be a power
lifter”, so I put my soul into it, and I
crushed - I was doing deep squats, and I crushed
- I never came out of them.
I went down and never came out.
I just crushed my spine.
Sid: Oh my goodness.
Can you picture that?
He's almost like an accordion.
He crushes his spine with those heavy weights
in the gym.
We'll pick up right here.
Don't go away.
[music]
Hello YouTube mishpochah!
Mishpochah is a Hebrew word; it means family.
This is Sid Roth.
Welcome to my world where it’s naturally
supernatural!
If you’ve been blessed by this show, please
subscribe.
Then click the bell so you won’t miss a
single episode of It’s Supernatural!
[music]
Sid: Hello. I'm Sid Roth your investigative
reporter here with Mike Schwartz.
And I'm going to tell you, I wish you could
have heard what we were talking about during
the commercial break.
But we left off when Mike is in the gym, and
he's going to be a power lifter, because he
likes the way people look that are power lifters.
And all of a sudden, he's lifting weight,
and what happened with your spine?
Mike: I had two or three discs collapse, and
I couldn't walk right; I couldn't do anything.
I was in horrible pain all the time.
And I went to the chiropractors and I went
to the doctors, and they said, “You'll have
to quit work.
You can't work any more.
You'll never work again”, this and that,
and all this gloom and doom, you know.
I was working a construction job making great
money, $1,500 a week; back then and that was
a lot of money.
And I was just “macho”, and sport car,
you know, just winging it, having a good time,
and like, finally, I'm not “Mr. Rejection”
anymore.
“I’m worth something because I've got
some money”, you know.
Sid: You also got some muscles.
Mike: Yeah.
I started to look better after awhile, you
know.
And I wasn't - finally I was doing something
I wasn't failing at.
I felt like a failure all my life.
And now this came up, and I was just angry
again.
So this Christian took me over to his house
one day and this man, his cousin, came in
from New Orleans.
And I was in his house, whining, “Oh, you
know, the doctors are saying ‘You'll never
work again’”, and this and that, and I
was in pain, you know.
And this guy walks up to me and he just looks
at me.
He said, "Would you like Jesus to heal you?"
And I looked at him and I said, "I'd like
anybody to heal me."
But I says, "If Jesus can heal me, I'd like
that."
It was selfish reasons.
It wasn't - I wanted to know.
Yeah, I wanted to be healed.
I was hurting.
Sid: What happened?
Mike: He says "Well you kneel down here with
me and we'll pray for you."
And I said, "I can't kneel down."
So one guy on each arm and they set me down.
And he walked up and put his hand on my back,
and he says, "Jesus, heal him."
And instantly some heat went through my back.
The pain quit.
I looked at both of these guys and said, "This
is real."
I got off the floor and I says, "Take me to
the gym."
I went to the gym and I put a hundred more
pounds on than I had ever lifted, and I was
picking stuff up.
It was like when the Holy Ghost is on you,
you're a different person.
And I was throwing weights all over the place,
and I'm on fire.
And I kept - started thanking Jesus.
“Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Jesus”, you know.
And they started taking me to church, all
through Kansas City and stuff, and I started
witnessing.
I wasn't saved.
I wasn't nothing.
I just know that God touched me, and I was
telling the church that Jesus heals.
Sid: Jesus really does heal.
Mike: Yeah. And I went to - oh, oh, I know it.
Nobody can - you can tell me a lot of things
you may not think He does,
but I know He heals, because he healed
me, and it's real, and it's never gone away.
This has been 20 years almost.
Sid: Okay.
Tell me about the time you heard an audible
voice from God.
Mike: The first time I heard an audible voice
was when I was doing cocaine in a crack house.
In Kansas City there's this black brother,
and I used to go there.
I was the only white man that could ever go
in the neighborhoods and be left alone.
They never bothered me.
And I was free-basing coke, and this voice
said, "Michael".
And I looked up and it said, "Michael, I'm
not going to let you get high any more."
And I knew it was God.
I knew it was God.
I says, "Garbage!"
And I went and bought a hundred dollars' worth
of coke and free-based it.
I couldn't get high.
And I ran in the guy's front room, and I threw
a temper-tantrum on the guy's floor.
Sid: Really?
Mike: Yeah.
This drug dealer is looking at me and I'm
throwing - and he says, "What's your problem?"
I says, "God won't let me get high no more."
And I was throwing a fit, so he run me off.
And the time that was really impressive to
me, though, was when I decided I wanted to
become a Christian, but I wanted to do it
on my terms. And uh –
Sid: Well God has been pretty gracious to
you up until then.
Mike: Oh, more than that.
But you know, He picked me.
I'm thankful for that because He wasn't going
to quit on me, and He knew everything that
He allowed me to go through until the day
that He knew I was going to say yes.
I know He knew that.
Sid: So what happened on that day?
Mike: I had been going to church and trying
to be a Christian.
I saw some very honorable things, especially
what I saw in my wife.
My wife is a woman of God.
Boy, she's a jewel.
And I wanted to be a Christian, but I didn't
trust God.
I didn't trust anybody.
I was afraid.
“Is this real?”, you know?
I didn't trust anything.
So I tried to do it, and I tried to go through
the motions, but all this stuff was drawing
me to other women.
I wasn't married then.
And it was drawing me back to this; it was
drawing me back to that; but God was still
speaking to me and just - you could feel Him
tugging.
So I didn't know what to do.
I mean, you know, and then I was coming home
in the rush hour in Kansas City, and I had
this beat-up Pinto station wagon with the
doors wired shut and the muffler is hanging
off.
And then the Lord spoke to me in an audible
voice.
He says, "Michael, today I want you to give
me your heart."
And I says, “No.”
He says, "Today, give me your heart, or I
will lift my spirit off you and you'll go
to Hell."
Sid: Those are strong words.
Hold that thought.
We'll be back in just a moment.
But what if God said to you, "Today, you must
give Me your heart, or you will go to Hell”?
Do you realize that today could be the last
moment of your life?
We'll be back in just a moment and find out
what happened to Michael.
[music]
Sid: Hello. Sid Roth your investigative
reporter here with Mike Schwartz.
And oh, we're having so much fun in between
during the break.
We're going to go to Janie in the control
room.
Janie, Mike has just told me that he has gotten
drunk in the spirit.
The Spirit of God is falling on him so much
and he said before this is over, I'm going
to get drunk and who's on for next week, before
I get drunk?
Janie: I think that's about to happen to me.
Well you'll be interviewing a man, another
man who was full of rage.
But this man had detailed plans of murdering
masses of white people.
He related to black Muslims and Malcom X.
But something happened in his car.
He heard something and it made this man full
of hate love all people.
Sid: It sounds to me like it's the same type
of thing that's just happened to Mike Schwartz.
Mike, God says that you, today, you must accept
Him or it will be too late.
What were His exact words?
Mike: His exact words is, "Michael," he says,
"I want you to give Me your heart, or I will
lift My spirit off you and you will go to
Hell."
And I'm at the rush hour in Kansas City traffic
on a Friday, and people - and I'm beating
the dashboard out of this car, just - and
just - and He said that to me three times.
And I said, “No”, the third time, and
I started to say it the fourth time; I was
going to go now, and I said -
Sid: Wait.
Why would you say “No” to God?
God, who saved your life?
God, the only one that really loved you?
Why would you say “No” to Him?
Mike: Well I guess all anger and bitterness,
and resentment stems back, and it goes back
to the one that can control everything is
God, if you know it or not.
Now I know I was bitter and angry at Him,
and I didn't trust Him.
Why should I?
I felt like I had been dealt a bad set of
cards, and you know, this is the way you feel.
This is not the truth.
Sid: The truth is you did have a tough life.
Mike: Oh yeah.
But I have a testimony, too, and Jesus rescued
me.
Sid: Tell me what happened.
Mike: Well the fourth time I said “Yes”.
And I broke, and I cried, and I beat the dash
up.
And I said to Him, “Okay”, and He said,
"Repeat after Me."
Sid: He said that?
Mike: He said, "Repeat after Me."
Sid: Wait. I usually say that.
God said that to him, "Repeat after me."
What did He tell you to repeat?
Mike: He said, "I want you to give Me your
heart, your mind, your body, your life, your
future, and let Me do what I want to do with
it."
I didn't even think I had that.
I didn't know that was available as a human
being.
I just was looking for the pit.
And I said, "Yes, God."
And He said a couple of other things that
I can't remember now that were anti-selfishness.
And then He said to me - and I thought I was
done.
And He said to me - this is the God I know
- "P.S."
I says, "What?"
He said, "Michael, no conditions."
He says, "You have to drop every one of your
conditions."
And I said, "Jesus, I'll go anywhere, do anything,
no matter what it is, what it means.
Your will be done."
And my life instantly changed in that car.
No more drugs, no more drinking, no more women.
Instantly.
Sid: Instantly?
No withdrawals from anything.
Sid: No, but physiologically, that's not
possible. [Laughs]
Mike: Yeah, exactly.
And I went home.
I went back, and I went back and my wife,
who is my wife now, looked at me and
she says, "What happened to you?"
Sid: She could see.
Mike: Oh yeah.
I was a different "coot"; I was a different
"coot".
There was even a measure of some peace for
the first time.
I was “wired for sound”.
And yeah, I had a conversion experience.
When the King of Glory comes in your heart,
things have to change.
I mean, you just can't go on the way you were.
There has to be something different.
Sid: God is so good.
Mike: Amen.
Sid: God is so good. I mean, He didn't give
up on you.
You gave up on the world.
You gave up on God.
Mike: Yeah.
Sid: But He didn't give up you.
Mike: No.
Sid: And He didn't give up on you.
He did not give up on you.
Why do you think you're watching this right
now?
Now they're going to be very upset with me,
Mike, if you don't tell me about supernatural
transportation.
Mike: Well I figured this was normal transportation
for Christians.
It's in the scriptures.
Sid: It is.
Mike: It is.
And you don't hear a lot of it, and it's not
my fault.
And what I want to say is I had nothing to
do with this transportation problem, and I
didn't -
Sid: Describe one time.
Mike: Jesus told us to go to England.
I told a friend, and the Lord told him to
go.
We went to England, and we got in this car
with these English people - this van - and
we're going down the motorway, and the van
fills up with smoke, or looked like smoke.
Well we were - we weren't alive, it didn't
feel like.
And we're listening to worship, and then time
quit.
And the next thing I knew, we like come to,
and we're a hundred kilometers down the motorway.
Sid: Instantly?
Mike: Well I don't know.
When I went out and when I -
Sid: Were you driving the car?
Mike: No. I was watching the guy driving it.
It didn't look like he could drive either.
He kind of was just distorted.
He just - I asked him later what happened.
He said, "I don't know how I drove.
The car just filled up."
Sid: Filled up with smoke.
Mike: Yeah, smoke or a cloud, or something;
something white.
We were just worshiping, and all of a sudden
we were a hundred miles down the motorway.
Sid: Has this happened more than once?
Mike: Three or four times.
It just happened a month ago when I was hunting.
Well it happened on the way from Texas to
Oklahoma.
I was looking at a road sign at 7:00 in the
morning, and I had an appointment at eight,
so I figured if I drive so many miles an hour
I could make it.
And the roadside said 62 miles an hour, and
had - it was exactly seven.
I was wide awake and I had my family in the
car.
And all of a sudden I felt this strange, like,
wind blow through me, and I heard somebody
laugh.
And I kind of - and it's like I knew it was
Jesus.
I says, “What's the deal?”
And I looked over at the road sign; it said
20 miles to Wichita.
I looked at my watch and I says, "Uh-oh, 16
minutes.
You can't do it.
You can’t; it's impossible."
And it's just like he was laughing.
And I says, "Why did you do that?"
And He says, "I felt like it."
And then He told me, He says in the End-Times
this is going to be the mode of transportation
for his church.
He says when you think you can't go somewhere
because of what's coming up trouble," He says,
"I don't need airplane tickets.
I don't need money."
He says, "I'll just send whoever I want to
send wherever I want to send them."
He says, "This is my mode of transportation."
And then a month ago I was in the mountains
hunting with two friends, and there's this
winding road that I hated.
It's just washboard, and I hate it.
It's the end of the day, and we didn't kill
our buck, and I just [grunt].
All of a sudden, I'm on the bottom of the
road, and I feel this thing go through me
again.
By now I recognize it; it's about the third
or fourth time.
I look over to my friends and I says, "How
did we miss all the bumps?"
And he looked at me and he says, "We didn't,"
he says, “We didn't go through all that
stuff, did we?"
I says, “No.”
I says, "Did we drive by all the stuff?"
He says, “No.”
And I knew the Lord, you know - it was three
miles down the hill.
Sid: And you just instantly?
Mike: I was just there.
Sid: How about that?
(SHWOOP) Just there.
But that doesn't mean a thing.
I'm going to tell you what means something.
Knowing God for yourself, knowing He loves
you, knowing that you could not have gotten
to this point without Him protecting you.
Maybe it's not as obvious as Mike, but he
has supernaturally protected you for right
now.
Repent of your sins.
Ask Jesus to forgive you, and in the name
of Jesus, ask God to be your Father.
You need a father.
You need a father that loves you; not for
what you do, but who you are.
He loves you.
God really loves you.
He's your Father.
He really is.
[music]